README.md, before:

# FullStack Authentication Workshop

Hello! And welcome to the FullStack Authentication course by [Maximiliano Firtman](https://twitter.com/firt).

This is a course to start with authentication on the web published with [Frontend Masters](https://www.frontendmasters.com/).

## Requirements

- You need a code editor
- You need Node.js 16+ installed
- You need to clone this repository

## What we will be building

We will be working with a Progressive Web App or name CoffeeMasters. The PWA covers only the Authentication Flow. It includes a Node.js basic server with Express JS.

You can download the source code to start working on it from https://github.com/firtman/coffeemasters-authn. After download or clone, run `npm install` and `npm start` to start the server.

## Slides

You can download the [slides](https://firtman.github.io/authentication/slides.pdf) of the course if you want to follow along with the trainer.

## Registering the project with Google

Go to [Sign In With Google Setup](https://developers.google.com/identity/gsi/web/guides/overview) and register a project. Follow the guidelines to create a Credential.

Commit message:

add Next Steps to README

README.md, after:

# FullStack Authentication Workshop

Hello! And welcome to the FullStack Authentication course by [Maximiliano Firtman](https://twitter.com/firt).

This is a course to start with authentication on the web published with [Frontend Masters](https://www.frontendmasters.com/).

## Requirements

- You need a code editor
- You need Node.js 16+ installed
- You need to clone this repository

## What we will be building

We will be working with a Progressive Web App or name CoffeeMasters. The PWA covers only the Authentication Flow. It includes a Node.js basic server with Express JS.

You can download the source code to start working on it from [https://github.com/firtman/coffeemasters-authn](https://github.com/firtman/coffeemasters-authn). After download or clone, run `npm install` and `npm start` to start the server.

## Slides

You can download the [slides](https://firtman.github.io/authentication/slides.pdf) of the course.

## Registering the project with Google

Go to [Sign In With Google Setup](https://developers.google.com/identity/gsi/web/guides/overview) and register a project. Follow the guidelines to create a Credential.

## Next Steps: Recommendations

- [ ] Add validations
- [ ] Add proper error management for every situation
- [ ] Add Better database integrity
- [ ] Add a "Forget Password" Flow
- [ ] Confirm email on registration
- [ ] Add "Sign in with Apple"
- [ ] Add an OAuth 2.0 flow with Facebook or Github login
- [ ] Add a Magic Link login
- [ ] Implement Passkeys conditional UI
- [ ] Add a MFA manager, so users can delete and name saved authenticators
- [ ] Add 2FA Authenticator App support
